[Music]
9 secrets movie theaters are hiding from
you we all love watching movies on the
big screen however many things in movie
theaters seem quite strange for example
the fact that popcorn can be as
expensive as your ticket so what's up
with that right side decided to explore
what movie theaters try to hide from us
every single day
number 9 the workers do not properly
clean the movie halls have you ever
noticed that movie theater floors could
be sticky and quite dirty even though
the workers clean the halls after every
screening because of tight timings
between the movies all the cleaners can
do when that little time is sweep the
floors
sometimes that is done quickly and
carelessly the floors are properly
cleaned and mopped with cleaning
solution only at night
[Music]
number eight it's easier for the workers
to pick up trash if you place it on the
seat not under it of course the best
option is for you to throw it out
yourself if you decided to leave your
cup or popcorn box put it on your seat
instead of throwing it on the floor hmm
[Music]
this will make it much easier for
cleaners to collect the trash once the
movie is over
number seven high volumes and movie
theaters can be dangerous to your
hearing I'm sorry what did you say
[Music]
despite the fact that audio system
standards and volume level requirements
exist some movie theaters regulate them
to suit themselves be aware of action
movies with many bombings and battle
scenes during which the volume usually
exceeds the approved level at least for
your health do not watch too many action
movies on the big screen number six
until 1981 seats did not have cupholders
[Music]
interestingly cupholders were only
invented in 1981 about 60 years after
the first air-conditioned movie theater
opened in the US by the way popcorn
started being associated with movie
watching in the USA during World War two
when a sugar shortage caused movie
theaters to stop selling candy number
five white does popcorn smell so good
[Music]
there is a reason why we cannot resist
the alluring smell of popcorn firstly
movie theaters have their secret recipes
which helped create this incredible
scent for instance some add a mixture of
coconut and canola
secondly well there's always food
additives
[Music]
number four the workers kick an amorous
couple out of the movie hall at least
once a week those who like cuddling
making out and embarrassing the viewers
around them should know that most movie
theaters have cameras which capture you
in action at that moment you are
detected given a warning by a worker or
kicked out altogether the best solution
is to cuddle up in front of your TV at
home number three pop corn prices are
unjustly overpriced ya thang according
to several sources of data ten and a
half ounces of popcorn costs more than a
good-quality stake of the same weight
the prices for this beloved movie snack
are so overpriced that it would be
cheaper to go to a good restaurant
instead in the USA a large popcorn
bucket costs an average of eight dollars
whereas it is supplied to the movie
theater for only a buck the same price
you'll pay at a grocery store
number two combo deals will not save you
money
[Music]
what combo deals consisting of popcorn
soda and other snacks will not save you
money if you add up the prices of all
the components of the deal separately
and compare with a combo price the
benefit is not all that big
you will save much more if you simply go
down the size on your order and number
one popcorn is not always sold fresh
most movie theater workers admit that
one of the best qualities of popcorn is
that it does not go bad for days if
popcorn is not sold out at night the
workers will pack up the leftovers and
store it in plastic bags heating it up
and selling it again in the morning
by the way did you know that popcorn
actually started in the army it's true
if you look at a bowl of popcorn you can
see all the kernels sorry by the way do
you prefer watching movies at home or on
the big screen share your thoughts in
the comments don't forget to hit the
like button below the video and click
subscribe to join the bright side of
life